hey guys male tea and today I'm going to
show you how to make these a call
floating platform thingies you can use
them in several different ways you don't
need and with the bounce pass this is
just a this actually like a little sneak
preview of my new level I'm not a great
three eight ER but it's got some nice
little gameplay bit staggered and sneak
preview and obviously you can use this
however you on this little technique I'm
buck show you just go over here I'm not
sure why this is here already but it is
and if you have a preview mode you can
see it is just moving up and down via a
piston now if I pause this um this thing
is an anti graphic gravity ping and is
not necessary before I do not know why
it is on there but it is actually on
there on all of my ones probably adding
more mama to space than is needed but
never mind so what you start off doing
is you get the material you want to use
and I'm gonna stick it on grid just for
this little bit here um make it about
that length and then why do boys cut the
corners a little bit you don't have to
you can use whatever design you one and
I never Munt remember why i had the
antigravity thing is stuck it on while i
was messing around doing all this bit
and now what you want to do is get some
dark matter and turn off grid mode so
you can make it disappear it was very
small it disappears which is quite handy
um and i did not make it small enough
therefore shrink there we go
now let's switch grid mode back on and
select this just stick it somewhere
where it's easy for me to use and grab
myself a piston um make sure its upright
and that should all be fine there and
then what you want to do is get rid of
excess excess is that how you pronounce
the word I think it will do um you're
gonna get rid of as much of the dark
matter as you can because um I'll show
you here on this one you can land on it
um I'm not sure if you can on this one
so I did make it quite small no that
should do and then just make the pistol
a little bit bigger um I should do I'll
make it a bit faster um crease that a
little bit and that's about the same
with model and now I want to do is
create a little hologram so just make
that roughly the same size as your thing
you're floating platform and then move
the other way so I don't capture any
Dark Matter anything just capture as an
object and get to the meter Paul's it's
you stick it on easier eat more easily
and make sure it's in the same layer of
course which i'm not sure i was doing
before anyway um stick that down
somewhere like that change the frequency
to about not point to you don't I'm
lasting too long i was just stick that
quite low and you want it to expand and
fade for the effect and one thing I did
forget to do was make that not visible
in play mode and leave that works
perfect now you can just use that as a
floating platform as you can see there
you can add sound effects through it I
just a couple of bounce pads on it you
can use our view one get rid of that and
you can just omit these to make little
um little bits gameplay loading things
sevens hovering so yeah it's just quite
a nice effect easy to do so I thought
I'd do a tutorial on it if you have any
good ideas let me know if you've got any
requests for tutorials let me know I'm
like Mike one on how to make a movie on
how to do all different kinds stuff so
leave your comments below give this a
like if you liked this little effect and
I'll see you later we'd like to say no
little sack person is harmed during the
playing of little big planet we'd like
to say that